title:The History of Minecraft, Volume 1: Creation
author:Mendragor Magus
pages:["At first, the Void was the only face of the Universe. However, the spontaneity of this soulless dimension soon gave rise to the Worlds as we know them.\nFirst came the Nether, a realm of fire and neutrality. Its inhabitants were the Pigmen,", "primitive nomads with a strongly tribal lifestyle.\nNext came the Overworld, a realm of life and goodness. Its inhabitants were the Vordics, intelligent beings who soon created a vast and wealthy society.\nFinally came the","End, a realm of chaos and evil. The very life force of this dimension gained sentience and poured itself into one being - the terrible creature known as the Ender.\nFor years, none of the inhabitants of the Four Realms knew of other dimensions or ","races, and all was peaceful.\nThe Vordics quickly learned how to harness Magyk, a strong energy source generated in the interactions between Diamond and Obsidian. The players harness it to a lesser extent in their Enchanting Tables today. The ","Vordics learned how to use it to fabricate new forms of life. They invented cattle to feed them, horses for transportation, and pets for companionship. When their mines reached deep into the caverns of the Overworld, they forged Cave","Spiders to help them reach the high-up ores. They harnessed the energies of Magyk to create spawners so that the miners would never have to go without their beloved mounts.\nThe Vordics prospered, and kept advancing in the sciences of ","Magyk. Soon, they started to experiment with Iron and Obsidian, and stumbled upon an interesting phenomenon. When the Obsidian was arranged just so, and fire inserted into the center of the ring, a portal appeared. The Vordics were","bewildered. They had never seen indications of other Dimensions, and certainly not a portal straight into the depths of one. Nevertheless, through the Portal they went, and astounding. This new World was filled with infinite wealth. There was","unending fire to keep them warm, vast lava lakes to fuel their great Smelteries, and Pigmen who loved to trade \"useless\" shards of Magykal Quartz for \"intriguing\" sticks.\nMeanwhile, Ender had been unraveling the very fabrics of his ","world, slowly killing it while gaining unfathomable powers. Through teleportation, he found the Nether. Here was a vast new Dimension, full of power for him to siphon and grow even more powerful. But then he found the Vordics.","On one fateful day, Ender met with the Vordic\u0027s Ruling Council in the deepest bowels of the Nether. He demanded unlimited access to the Nether, and permission to siphon its power for his own. The Vordics refused, loathe to allow","the destruction of the Pigmen\u0027s home and afraid that Ender would find the Overworld too. And so War was declared. The Vordics built vast Fortresses and bred their Cave Spiders into gigantic war beasts. Ender formed the remains of the End","into the Endermen, fierce tall warriors with the power to teleport. And so the Nether Wars began."]
[newbook]
